what's up guys the site on storm here
and I'm covering black desert the
English patch for free MMO station and
what I want to do in this video is just
want to show you the different areas and
highlight the different things that are
in English with the English patch and
talk about how that changes your outlook
on the game free MMO station calm now
you see there's a lot of videos out
right now where people were doing a lot
of things like tutorials and everything
in guys so you got to do different
things like I believe it's that far who
has some random acts as some I believe
there's somebody else who's right now
he's doing it I believe Sando fall or
Sando I'm probably mispronouncing his
name I do apologize to him for that
I'll get the proper name for them and
put them in a description for you guys
are free on the station so you can see
the people who are covering this
particular game but a lot of things that
have been coming out now is just you
looking at it in another language now
what the English pastor was basically
made by loki reborn which is the same
person who they had to play the soul
patch it puts things more in perspective
you get to see how the game flushes out
a little bit more when you play in
english i'm not trying to no say that
you can't validly do that in korean but
it's definitely different when you see
it for yourself now the first thing that
came out to me was the character select
screen the character select screen just
change the whole world changed to me at
that point i was doing it by just
looking and feeling my way around it's
kind of it was kind of like you're blind
but could see i don't know if people
really understand what that means but I
wasn't feeling my way around but once
you can start to see what each option
was in real time it just made everything
more intuitive and you felt more at ease
and having the fun of making the
character and my character baking just
literally changed before being English
it made me want to sit and longer and
actually make characters a lot longer
like out my dorm site character it may
not look like I did a whole lot with
that character but really did like an
hour fine-tuning its weekend and then
looking at her and different angles
and saying oh you know that's what this
does not this is blush
and this is the right proper angle for
this and stuff like this and then
looking at pictures and stuff like that
so III really went all-in
when it came to that and it made me feel
really good now for the rest of the game
is feel like the map screens and actual
fighting it really didn't change that
much for me but what has changed for me
is the questing the questing has changed
because the little subtle things that an
English now makes it a whole lot easier
to understand what you had to do even
though I always say MMO is universal
even if you don't know what the language
is they all point you in the right
direction most of them have all over run
now majority don't put big-ass circles
on the screen so you know that when you
come into this area you need to be
fighting or doing whatever in that
particular area or you probably have to
pick up a drop from something or you
probably have to just come there and
like stand in the spot and then cause
like a real-time event to happen a
little minor things like that go on now
that that is universal you'll need to
know the language to actually go through
stuff like that and you know like you
have like the cash shops and you have
the normal storefronts and just like the
mountain system and everything else
everything is and I appreciate Loki and
I'll put that in the description like
where you can get the original link from
for the English patch and definitely try
this game out those of you can't play
you can get an account from new a game
you can google that anytime you like and
just follow the instructions there's
plenty of things on the black desert
ready to teach you how to play the game
I'm not gonna go into that because those
videos would be like four or five how it
was long just trying to teach you how to
do that
black deserts reddit got the down packed
don't even worry about it they will help
you out if you get stuck there's plenty
of nice people there and you could just
go from there and just get into the game
and have fun with it I'm loving the game
right now it doesn't get me wrong
there's a lot of stuff that I do not
like about the game I'm not gonna sit
here and hype you and tell you a lie but
the game is fun and it's solid I can
also tell you that you don't have long
to wait for this game that come to
America they are already starting a
Western Branch for dumb and down
publishing and I got in contact with
somebody already
me basically I'm already want you to be
in the Western closed beta test so I
don't really have to worry too much
about that you guys don't need it you
probably be seeing news about that very
very soon so don't get too anxious now
seeing everybody like all people like me
playing like the Korean version and
everything else and yeah the Russian
version is coming now and everything
don't get too anxious your time is
coming trust me your time is coming and
you're gonna get in hand you're gonna be
enjoying it just like I am enjoying it
but from there that's pretty much all I
really have to say right now I hope you
guys enjoyed this little preview of the
English patch if you can get it in play
it's definitely something that make your
life a whole lot easier you also want to
try that um when you want to record or
play the game play it through your video
card that makes things a whole lot
easier I found that out over the weekend
and pretty much that's it
you guys be legendary and I'll catch you
next video peace